README.md, before:

![Tests Status](https://github.com/nerthus-margonem/nerthusaddon/workflows/Tests/badge.svg?branch=main)

Nerthus Addon
======
  Addon for Nerthus server in game [Margonem](http://www.margonem.pl/) adding many features targeted towards role-playing.

Installation
------
##### Old game interface:
  - Addon should be installed automatically while you're on Nerthus server.
  - For other servers, check instruction at the bottom of this section.
##### Both game interfaces:
  - Install [Tampermonkey](https://www.tampermonkey.net/) or similar browser extension that allows for external scripts.
  - Head to [install page](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/nerthus-margonem/nerthusaddon@production/nerthus-addon.user.js) and click `install`.
  - Installation should work regardless of interface type.
  - If you're using this installation method with an old game interface, type `gadblock on` in the game's console
  to disallow it from loading a basic version.
##### If you want to test addon outside of Nerthus server:
  - While in game, type in a console: `$.getScript('https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/nerthus-margonem/nerthusaddon@production/nerthus-addon.user.js')`
  - Addon should now load and work until the page reload (new interface) or map change (old interface)
 
FAQ
------
##### How to update addon to the newest version?
  - Addon should automatically update to the newest version available

##### How to test changes in game?
  - Change urls in [webpack.config.mjs](webpack.config.mjs) and [nerthus-addon.user.js](nerthus-addon.user.js) to point to your localhost
  - Install the local version using new [nerthus-addon.user.js](nerthus-addon.user.js)
  - Build your version with changes using `npm run build`
  - Test changes
  
##### How to run tests?
  - Make sure you have installed dependencies (run `npm i`)
  - Type `npm run test` in project's root directory
  - Tests use [mocha](https://mochajs.org/) and [expect](https://github.com/Automattic/expect.js/)
  
##### How to introduce changes to game?
  - Push source changes to `main` branch.
  - Create new release using [releases interface](https://github.com/nerthus-margonem/nerthusaddon/releases). Try to use semantic versioning.
  - GitHub Actions should now automatically update the production branch with your build.
  - Changes to [nerthus-addon.user.js](nerthus-addon.user.js) require manual update on [server command site](http://serwery.margonem.pl/)

##### How to deliver changes?
  - Feel free to make pull requests

Commit message:

Change the build system to be more straightforward
This commit adds an instruction and workflow for a quick setup for developing the addon.
The userscript is now generated from the .env file,
so it is ready to be used for local development.

Webpack now also rebuilds the app when the files the app requires change (version, npc or lights).

README.md, after:

![Tests Status](https://github.com/nerthus-margonem/nerthusaddon/workflows/Tests/badge.svg?branch=main)

Nerthus Addon
======
  Addon for Nerthus server in game [Margonem](http://www.margonem.pl/) adding many features targeted towards role-playing.

Installation
------
##### Both game interfaces:
  - Addon should be installed automatically while you're on Nerthus server.
  - For other servers, check instruction at the bottom of this section.
##### Both game interfaces (alternative):
  - Install [Tampermonkey](https://www.tampermonkey.net/) or similar browser extension that allows for external scripts.
  - Head to [install page](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/nerthus-margonem/nerthusaddon@production/dist/nerthus-addon.user.js) and click `install`.
  - Installation should work regardless of interface type.
  - If you're using this installation method with an old game interface on Nerthus server,
    type `gadblock on` in the game's console to disallow it from loading a basic version.
  - If you're using this installation method with a new game interface on Nerthus server,
    type `Engine.globalAddons.setVisibleOfTurnOnOffAddonButton(true)` in the game's console
    and click the button that will appear to disallow it from loading a basic version.
##### If you want to test addon outside of Nerthus server:
  - While in game, type in a console: `$.getScript('https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/nerthus-margonem/nerthusaddon@production/dist/nerthus-addon.user.js')`
  - Addon should now load and work until the page reload (new interface) or map change (old interface)
 
FAQ
------
##### How to update addon to the newest version?
  - Addon should automatically update to the newest version available

##### How to set up a local environment for development?
  - Make sure you have the latest LTS NodeJS installed
  - Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/nerthus-margonem/nerthusaddon.git`
  - Go inside the created directory: `cd nerthusaddon`
  - Install the dependencies: `npm install`
  - Run setup: `npm run dev-setup`
  - Start development server: `npm run dev-start`
  - Install userscript by navigating the browser to http://localhost:8080/dist/nerthus-addon.user.js and clicking install

Next time you want to start the server and live reload,
you only need to type `npm run dev-start` and you will be all set.
  
##### How to run tests?
  - Make sure you have installed dependencies (run `npm i`)
  - Type `npm run test` in project's root directory
  - Tests use [mocha](https://mochajs.org/) and [expect](https://github.com/Automattic/expect.js/)
  
##### How to introduce changes to game?
  - Push source changes to `main` branch.
  - Create new release using [releases interface](https://github.com/nerthus-margonem/nerthusaddon/releases). Try to use semantic versioning.
  - GitHub Actions should now automatically update the production branch with your build.
  - Changes to [userscript](src/userscript.js) require manual update on [server command site](http://serwery.margonem.pl/)

##### How to deliver changes?
  - Feel free to make pull requests
